# CS230
Operating Platforms (SNHU)

**Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?**
The client, The Gaming Room, asked Creative Technology Solutions to develop a web-based game based on their Android version so that it can be used on multiple platforms and reach many more people.  The game requirements were that it must have at least 4 rounds, where each round an image is steadily rendered to completion at a time of 30 seconds.  The main team guessing has 30 seconds to guess what the image is and if they fail, the opposing team has 15 seconds to get the points.
**What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?**
I feel that I did particularly well in making sure that the document requirements were short and simple to make sure there were no questions that could arise.  I also feel other sections are well organized and provide enough information for the client.
**What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?**
As stated previously, the short requirements list was very helpful in making sure that I included the requested elements that the client wanted.  The domain model also helped to get me to read what the plan was so that I could make sure that there were no errors in the base plan and had something to follow when developing the program.
**If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?**
I feel I could improve the information provided in the evaluation of each of the pros and cons of the different operating systems for each of the development requirements such as the server side, client side, and the tools available for each one.  I feel it would be better where each cell for each development requirement was organized so that there were bullet points of a certain pro or con that was also evaluated in the other operating systems in order so that you could see how one related to another more quickly.
**How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?**
By taking a look at the client's needs, I was able to go through and address each one making sure that they are viable in the development process.  Knowing this, I was able to include them in the UML diagram to better understand how they would work in the software.  I feel it is important to consider the client's needs when designing because that is to ensure that their requests are fulfilled to your best ability so that they are able to get what they want.
**How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?**
When designing the software it felt important to know the backstory of the client and what they wanted to understand a path of where they wanted to go.  The best practice I feel when designing software for a client is to make sure their needs are in the back of you mind when designing so that we can make sure they fit within the scope of the software application.  Next is to provide the client, if needed, options that they could take so that we can determine the best route to further help them in the future as well.
